t 10 Message Good Morning
t 7 Message I eventually had to go down to the cellar to find them.
t 4 Message But the plans were on display
t 5 Message The Answer to the Great Question...
t 5 Message Yes
t 4 Message O Deep Thought computer
t 10 Message But can you do it?
t 3 Message The Answer to what?
t 7 Message In the beginning the Universe was created.
t 5 Message Ah, well, the lights had probably gone.
t 4 Message Yes
t 7 Message Forty-two
t 7 Message Doesn't matter!
t 7 Message For a moment, nothing happened.
t 2 Message There is an answer?
t 1 Message That's the display department.
t 2 Message To Everything?
t 6 Message The Universe!
t 8 Message Yes...!
t 5 Message There really is one?
t 1 Message Beware of the Leopard
t 4 Message On display?
t 10 Message All right
t 8 Message Life!
t 2 Message With a flashlight.
t 1 Message Tricky
t 4 Message Forty-two, said Deep Thought, with infinite majesty and calm.
t 4 Message Though I don't think that you're going to like it
t 8 Message So had the stairs.
t 3 Message Yes...!!!...?
t 8 Message Everything!
t 1 Message It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes.
t 3 Message Lunchtime doubly so.
t 6 Message Nothing travels faster than the speed of light with the possible exception of bad news.
t 2 Message Is...
t 3 Message Time is an illusion.
t 5 Message Don't panic
t 6 Message But look
t 1 Message Of Life, the Universe and Everything...
t 7 Message yes I did
t 4 Message Is...
t 2 Message Er..good morning, O Deep Thought
t 5 Message I'd far rather be happy than right any day.
t 5 Message Yes.
t 2 Message There really is one.
t 8 Message Yes...
t 5 Message do you have...er...
t 8 Message An Answer for you?
t 8 Message This has made a lot of people very angry.
t 5 Message We want you to tell us...The Answer
t 1 Message Good Morning
t 10 Message I eventually had to go down to the cellar to find them.
t 6 Message But the plans were on display
t 5 Message The Answer to the Great Question...
t 1 Message Yes
t 7 Message O Deep Thought computer
t 2 Message But can you do it?
t 10 Message The Answer to what?
t 7 Message In the beginning the Universe was created.
t 3 Message Ah, well, the lights had probably gone.
t 10 Message Yes
t 1 Message Forty-two
t 8 Message Doesn't matter!
t 2 Message For a moment, nothing happened.
t 2 Message There is an answer?
t 8 Message That's the display department.
t 1 Message To Everything?
t 3 Message The Universe!
t 1 Message Yes...!
t 3 Message There really is one?
t 2 Message Beware of the Leopard
t 8 Message On display?
t 8 Message All right
t 6 Message Life!
t 5 Message With a flashlight.
t 2 Message Tricky
t 5 Message Forty-two, said Deep Thought, with infinite majesty and calm.
t 7 Message Though I don't think that you're going to like it
t 8 Message So had the stairs.
t 8 Message Yes...!!!...?
t 3 Message Everything!
t 6 Message It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes.
t 4 Message Lunchtime doubly so.
t 10 Message Nothing travels faster than the speed of light with the possible exception of bad news.
t 1 Message Is...
t 6 Message Time is an illusion.
t 8 Message Don't panic
t 6 Message But look
t 7 Message Of Life, the Universe and Everything...
t 10 Message yes I did
t 1 Message Is...
t 2 Message Er..good morning, O Deep Thought
t 7 Message I'd far rather be happy than right any day.
t 10 Message Yes.
t 2 Message There really is one.
t 8 Message Yes...
t 7 Message do you have...er...
t 10 Message An Answer for you?
t 6 Message This has made a lot of people very angry.
t 1 Message We want you to tell us...The Answer
