t 6 Message All right
t 6 Message It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes.
t 5 Message Good Morning
t 4 Message Forty-two
t 8 Message An Answer for you?
t 8 Message But the plans were on display
t 8 Message There really is one.
t 5 Message But can you do it?
t 8 Message Lunchtime doubly so.
t 8 Message yes I did
t 2 Message In the beginning the Universe was created.
t 5 Message So had the stairs.
t 2 Message The Universe!
t 10 Message With a flashlight.
t 3 Message Beware of the Leopard
t 9 Message Yes
t 1 Message Doesn't matter!
t 8 Message Is...
t 1 Message Yes...!!!...?
t 10 Message Of Life, the Universe and Everything...
t 1 Message Nothing travels faster than the speed of light with the possible exception of bad news.
t 10 Message But look
t 6 Message There is an answer?
t 3 Message To Everything?
t 9 Message On display?
t 10 Message Yes
t 9 Message That's the display department.
t 4 Message Time is an illusion.
t 3 Message Don't panic
t 3 Message Yes...!
t 6 Message Though I don't think that you're going to like it
t 9 Message Forty-two, said Deep Thought, with infinite majesty and calm.
t 10 Message Tricky
t 8 Message Er..good morning, O Deep Thought
t 4 Message Is...
t 5 Message I eventually had to go down to the cellar to find them.
t 5 Message Life!
t 2 Message do you have...er...
t 9 Message This has made a lot of people very angry.
t 10 Message There really is one?
t 2 Message I'd far rather be happy than right any day.
t 10 Message Yes...
t 5 Message Everything!
t 2 Message For a moment, nothing happened.
t 3 Message O Deep Thought computer
t 8 Message The Answer to what?
t 4 Message Ah, well, the lights had probably gone.
t 10 Message The Answer to the Great Question...
t 6 Message We want you to tell us...The Answer
t 8 Message Yes.
t 3 Message All right
t 5 Message It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes.
t 9 Message Good Morning
t 9 Message Forty-two
t 1 Message An Answer for you?
t 1 Message But the plans were on display
t 9 Message There really is one.
t 5 Message But can you do it?
t 5 Message Lunchtime doubly so.
t 8 Message yes I did
t 10 Message In the beginning the Universe was created.
t 4 Message So had the stairs.
t 3 Message The Universe!
t 2 Message With a flashlight.
t 5 Message Beware of the Leopard
t 4 Message Yes
t 3 Message Doesn't matter!
t 6 Message Is...
t 4 Message Yes...!!!...?
t 1 Message Of Life, the Universe and Everything...
t 8 Message Nothing travels faster than the speed of light with the possible exception of bad news.
t 10 Message But look
t 3 Message There is an answer?
t 8 Message To Everything?
t 8 Message On display?
t 4 Message Yes
t 4 Message That's the display department.
t 9 Message Time is an illusion.
t 8 Message Don't panic
t 10 Message Yes...!
t 1 Message Though I don't think that you're going to like it
t 4 Message Forty-two, said Deep Thought, with infinite majesty and calm.
t 2 Message Tricky
t 5 Message Er..good morning, O Deep Thought
t 9 Message Is...
t 9 Message I eventually had to go down to the cellar to find them.
t 10 Message Life!
t 10 Message do you have...er...
t 5 Message This has made a lot of people very angry.
t 9 Message There really is one?
t 4 Message I'd far rather be happy than right any day.
t 2 Message Yes...
t 9 Message Everything!
t 4 Message For a moment, nothing happened.
t 2 Message O Deep Thought computer
t 9 Message The Answer to what?
t 6 Message Ah, well, the lights had probably gone.
t 10 Message The Answer to the Great Question...
t 2 Message We want you to tell us...The Answer
t 1 Message Yes.
